that started the eagle not strengthened with
that expectation that had generated the
two players but as he said he was
alexander as they were giving
there we can see the images in the
summary as santa key went
gradually taking over the position of
number 5 and that's where everything happened
has passed in these first 45 with
other goals that ball filtered by
part of him
edwin sanchez to chinese oriana and the
ball right in the bilge this is a
of the actions where he is injured
precisely the player facundo simioli
then the elmer physicist has to be played
churches to avoid and get the ball
of those hours were the few
approximations and here the first one falls
Match score loses in the mark
I say the two goals because and I live if I
ok look, you know where to fix the
second suit appears there and then the
bust with the head for how it ends
I think it's a crack this one
facundo simioli how he deposits her
change course
to number 5 and then this appears
left that he had of the inter
Sanchez to the left was close then
the Chinese looks again appears only the
he tried logically to make a center
but in football
where is the network to the best but
maybe here a little bit and you know not
I'll lie the irvine flowers by the
left is not a lane is a
medium flyer and does not have is to do
that coverage will come to the function of
life and brand then there was lost with
Denis Umanzor like there was not much
talk not much understanding as to
say look stay, I go or stay
there is and here we see the play
pressing that happened to elmer
church and we see precisely the moment
in which the keeper of the
santa team key in an attempt
arrival of the eagle center sports club
from alan halls now in search of
take advantage of the height by
part and here is the action let's see
the repetition there is and then the
first swipe of ricardinho and then
enter and his senior who came too
against the Chinese oriana let's be the brawler
there were all the players and
He is also part of the technical staff
placing the appointments the things that are
calm down when shots on goal for
santa key co